# 6162Group3Project
We want to work with soil, which has many parameters that can affect what model can be used. We asked ourselves "what models can be used when using these different parameters?" These parameters include things like texture and porosity. The problem question we would like to solve is which model is best used analyze and describe soil quality datasets. These datasets will consist of different soil parameters. We will perform data analysis and use learning techniques to accomplish analyzing which models are best used to analyze soil. The problem question we would like to solve is how accurate is the data we analyze and if the data is trustworthy. Future work involves looking into the best supervised and unsupervised learning techniques that can be used as well as well as researching different datasets to use for the project. 
The new file added shows many visualizations of each step, including the data before and after compression and preprocessing and the training and testing set. These visualizations include decision trees, scatter plots, and box plots. This uses matplotlib, pandas, numpy, and seaborn. We have also started using classifiers, which will be part of the future work which involves improving the models we are using.
https://data.world/datasets/soil
https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Mayank-Champaneri/publication/340594772_CROP_YIELD_PREDICTION_USING_MACHINE_LEARNING/links/5e935f8da6fdcca789119eba/CROP-YIELD-PREDICTION-USING-MACHINE-LEARNING.pdf
